#Distinctiveness and Complexity
I believe my project adheres to the distinctiveness quality for many reasons. The main reason it is unique to previous projects is that we haven't had any messenger form of web application. You might argue that our project of network was similar. However, it was quite different since people would be required to tweet on the global web rather than be in a private message with a doctor. As a result, my application is unique where users can have private messages with doctors that are verified by "my team", and expect helpful feedback for small things they normally wouldn't check up on. On to the next point, my project is much more complex than my previous projects. One reason for this is that I got to learn more about the serialize method which was utilized in project 5; however, we were not required to understand it or get it's purpose. As a result, I've benefitted greatly in my understanding of class methods and all the different purposes they can serve. Another complexity in my code was that I wanted a user to be able to talk with a doctor even if they accidentally refresh their page or maybe want to visit their home page to review previous messages. This proved to be quite difficult as I had to save all of the messages exchanged between the two people while also retreiving all of the data on to the html page for the user as it was before. Another key thing to note is that I had to make sure that the doctor's side of this message was different than the users which required more logic. Last but not least, another difficulty I was faced with was figuring out how I could verify which messages were associated which conversation. Then, I had to provide an additional level of filtering in which I had to determine which person in the conversation said the message. 
#What's in Each File
First off, in models.py, I have listed all of my models which are the standard user model while also adding a Doctor, Doctorapply, Text, and Message model. The Doctorapply serves to store the data of a user when they first submit their information about becoming a doctor on the website. Then, after their application is reviewed by "my team", they will have their info migrated to the doctors model which stores the value of their user, the type of doctor they are, and a degree as proof of their authenticity. Next, I have is urls.py where I have listed all of my paths in this file where many of these paths are utilized for my javascript fetch commands. Near the end of the course, I have been trying to implement more and more Javascript commands even though it's out of my typical comfort zone of doing the standard form through which I used the method "POST". Next up, we have my views.py file which integrates my SQL database with the HTML pages that the user viewed. Next up, we have our doctor_apply.html page which can be found in templates/network. In my doctor_apply.html page, I basically provide a form for a user to submit their application to become a doctor through a nice and clear format which can go through revision by "our team". After that, we have our doctor_chat.html page which is where we ask the user which type of doctors assistance they require. After getting the users response, we display the page as a messenger where the user can communicate with the doctor. Finally, we have index.html where users can access their previous conversations and review the messages that they had inside of them in case they forgot something important. Obviously, there are many other files in this project, but they are standard to creating a new Django project, and I chose not to go to much in-depth about them.
#How to Run Application
You go into the terminal and will need to make 3 command prompts. The first prompt will be "python manage.py makemigrations network". Then, the next prompt will be "python manage.py migrate". Finally, to run the code, you will run the prompt "python manage.py runserver". This will provide you with a hyperlink on which you select on, and can see the website. If you also want to look through admin and play around and be a "doctor". Then, you have to do an additional step which is run the prompt "python manage.py createsuperuser", and fill in the information that is asked. This will allow for you to view the admin portal and add any user that you wish to the doctor model.